DOCSP-46930-1.12.0-release-notes (#205)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/release-notes.txt

Download the latest Relational Migrator binary from the `release page <https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/relational-migrator>`__. 
For installation instructions, see the :ref:`Installation <installation>` page. 

1.12.0 Changelog
----------------

*Released Febuary 3, 2025*

New features:

> - Added support for four additional source databases, using JDBC connectivity to

Reviewer: [brevity]

```suggestion
- Added support for four source databases, using JDBC connectivity to
```

  enable snapshot-based data migration and database object conversion from:

  - YugabyteDB
  - CockroachDB
  - SAP Sybase IQ (SAP IQ)
  - SAP SQL Anywhere
  

>   Note that JDBC connection support for these databases is currently in Public Preview.

Reviewer: Consider converting this to a `.. note::` callout

>   Users can now also add their own custom relational database support by creating

Reviewer: [brevity]
```suggestion
  Users can also add custom relational database support by creating
```

  a custom JDBC connector.

- Added support for X.509 certificate authentication for client authentication on
  MongoDB target databases.

> - Informed MongoDB Atlas users if they attempt a large data migration into a 
>   low-end Atlas cluster which might result in an extended migration time. For 

Reviewer: Slight tweak to phrasing to keep tenses consistent

```suggestion
- Added information for MongoDB Atlas users attempting large data migrations on 
lower-tier Atlas clusters, which may result in extended migration times. For 
```
